.TH walldrc 5 2022-04-19
.SH NAME
walldrc \- walld configuration file
.SH DESCRIPTION
walldrc is located at
.I ~/.walld/.walldrc
it can be used to configure 
.BR walld(1)

.BR walld(1)
uses libconfig to handle configs
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I colors
.RS
This tells walld whether or not to generate colors and put them in a file located at 
.I $HOME/.walld/colors
.RS
.I Default=FALSE
.RE
.RE
.I dark
.RS
When walld generates colors, it modifies them to make them darker or lighter. If Dark is true it make the colors better fit a dark color scheme. If it is false it makes the colors fit a lighter color scheme.
.RS
.I Default=TRUE
.RE
.RE
.I monitors
.RS
This tells walld how many diffrent monitors to display a wallpaper on. see
.BR feh(1)
for more details
.RS
.I Default=1
.RE
.RE
.I use-xrdb
.RS
Set this to true to have walld automatically reload your Xresources when it generates a new color file.
.RS
.I Default=FALSE
.RE
.RE
.I minutes
.RS
The interval between wallpaper changes. This is in minutes. It can be 0
.RS
.I Default=30
.RE
.RE
.I source_to_use
.RS
Walld can use many different sources for images. This tells walld what source to use.
.RS
.I Default="default"
.RE
.RE
.I source
.RS
This is the source that was selected with
.I source_to_use.
It can contain files, URLs, or even libconfig lists of files, URLs, or more files. It can hold as many members as needed.
.RS
.I Default="$HOME/.walld/images"
.RE
.RE
.I feh\-path
.RS
This is where the feh executable is located on the system.
.BR walld(1)
searches the path for feh, so only set for something custom.
.RS
.I Default=unset
.RE
.RE
.I bg\-style
.RS
This is the 
.I \-\-bg\-style 
that walld passes to feh. see
.BR feh(1)
for more
.RS
.I Default="--bg-scale"
.RE
.RE
.I XAUTHORITY
.RS
.BR walld(1)
usually gets this from environment variables. If you have something custom you can set it here.
.RS
.I Default=unset
.RE
.RE
.I display
.RS
Walld usually gets this from environment variables. If you have something custom you can set it here. It is used to tell 
.BR feh(1)
what display to set the wallpaper on.
.RS
.I Default=unset
.RE
.RE
.I xrdb\-path
.RS
This is where the xrdb executable is located. If it is used to reload Xresources.
.BR walld(1)
searches the path for xrdb, so only set for something custom.
.RS
.I Default=unset
.RE
.RE
.I xrdb\-args
.RS
These are the arguments passed to xrdb. If you have something custom you can set it here. see
.BR xrdb(1)
for more info
.RS
.I Default="--load"
.RE
.RE
.I xresources
.RS
This is your .Xresources that xrdb can load. If you have something custom you can set it here.
.RS
.I Default="$HOME/.Xresources"
.RE
.RE
.SH AUTHORS
Dotz0cat <Dotz0cat@gmail.com>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR walld(1)